
/*

 README
   
   Copyright (c) 2003-2008 by Philippe Bourcier
   
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
   any later version.
   
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU General Public License for more details.
   
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
   Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

*/


      ZCW - The CyberAbuse Whois


Informations                       
------------

The goal of the CyberAbuse Whois is to provide an easy way
to find some interesting informations for a specific IP
address.

The main purpose of this tool is to help administrators and
home users to easily find the abuse contact for a specific
IP or host address.

It uses all the Regional Internet Registries (RIR) whois to
get the most important informations about any network in
the world.

ZCW is a work derived from The CyberAbuse Whois server 3.4
closed-source script (written in PHP).

Any bug you will find should be reported to
philippe[at]cyberabuse.org.

Any error message like :
 - "No entry was found for this IP.",
 - "Could not find a whois server for this IP.",
should be reported to whois-error[at]cyberabuse.org (don't
forget to include the IP and the output of the whois
command with +f flag).

The result given by this program is provided for
information only so we can't take responsibility for any
error or misuse of this tool.

All the datas are free of access, but your queries might be
blocked if you hammer the whois servers too much, thus
resulting in error messages like the two ones shown upper.
When this happens, please don't report me this as a bug,
use +f to be sure it is the whois server blocking you.


Running a whois server (make server)
------------------------------------

On a *nix system :
/usr/local/bin/tcpserver -i 3 -n 7 -c 60 -RHl0 -u <uid> -g <gid> 0.0.0.0 43 /usr/local/bin/zcw-server
whith <uid> and <gid> being nobody's user ID and nobody's group ID or equivalent.

On a Windows system (via command line or a .bat) :
tcpserver.exe -i 3 -n 7 -c 60 -RHl0 0.0.0.0 43 ./zcw-server.exe

Then use your favorite whois client against your server...
Don't forget to "make cache" to update the ARIN_cache.db
from time to time (ie: every month or so).


Software manual
---------------

 Usage: zcw [flags] <host>
 Type : ./zcw to get detailed help


License stuff  
-------------
               
This software is released under the GPLv2 license.         

See the COPYING file for more details.
               
I cannot be held responsible for any damage this software
could cause (however it should not cause any).

